Updating the Docs for 4.1 (#21)
MinaProtocol/website: pages/docs/architecture/timelock.mdx

import Page from "@reason/pages/Docs";
export default Page({ title: "Time-locked Accounts" });

# Time-locked accounts

A time-locked account disallows payments that would reduce the balance below a minimum, which depends on the block height.

> To createa  time-lock, you must provide the configuration when creating a new account. This can happen only in the genesis ledger at the beginning of a network. In this section, we'll explore the mechenism behind time-locks and see how to interact with time-locked accounts.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
To create a  time-lock, you must provide the configuration when creating a new account. This can happen only in the genesis ledger at the beginning of a network. In this section, we'll explore the mechanism behind time-locks and see how to interact with time-locked accounts.
```
